README.md, before:

<!--
**EmmaD9/EmmaD9** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:
-->
<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbTBzcmhyc2ZtNzBiNHdidGZjdzM2bDd4NHhwemIxMmp0dXNiMWhnaiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/LHZyixOnHwDDy/giphy.gif" width="200"/>

<div id="badges">
  <a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmaduprey/" target = "_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>


  <a href = "https://emma.iduprey.com/" target = "_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-blue?style=for-the-badge&&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>

</div>

<div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=emmad9&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>

</div>
<h1>
  Hi there!
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="30px"/>
</h1>
</div>

<div id = "body">
  <div align="center">
  <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbWExdmRqOTJuNTl3dmIzM2E3NTFoZmlzbHQycHBkeDltbHo4amFwaCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/wwg1suUiTbCY8H8vIA/giphy-downsized-large.gif" width="400" height="auto"/>
  </div>

  ---

  ### :woman_technologist: About Me :
  I am a Second Year Game Design and Development Student at RIT <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExdXVwb2l6eGVvdTQ3a3gybjZkdjNhcWFsYzN5OHprc3ltcnB1dmdyeiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9cw/JqJaJ1Pw06PKOtGPnl/giphy.gif" width="30"> in Rochester NY.

- :telescope: I’m currently working on several personal game projects as well as class assignments 😫

- :seedling: I'm currently learning C++, Lua, and React

- 😄 Pronouns: She/They

- :mailbox:How to reach me: [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Emma-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmaduprey/)


---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" title="CSharp" **alt="C Sharp" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" title="cplusplus" **alt="Cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Stats:
[![Emma's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emmad9&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/emmad9/github-readme-stats)

![Emma's Leetcode Stats](https://leetcode-badge-sage.vercel.app/badge/emmad9?theme=dark)


</div>

Commit message:

Update education status from second to third year

README.md, after:

<!--
**EmmaD9/EmmaD9** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:
-->
<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbTBzcmhyc2ZtNzBiNHdidGZjdzM2bDd4NHhwemIxMmp0dXNiMWhnaiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/LHZyixOnHwDDy/giphy.gif" width="200"/>

<div id="badges">
  <a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmaduprey/" target = "_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>


  <a href = "https://emma.iduprey.com/" target = "_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-blue?style=for-the-badge&&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>

</div>

<div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=emmad9&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>

</div>
<h1>
  Hi there!
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="30px"/>
</h1>
</div>

<div id = "body">
  <div align="center">
  <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbWExdmRqOTJuNTl3dmIzM2E3NTFoZmlzbHQycHBkeDltbHo4amFwaCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/wwg1suUiTbCY8H8vIA/giphy-downsized-large.gif" width="400" height="auto"/>
  </div>

  ---

  ### :woman_technologist: About Me :
  I am a Third Year dual major in Computer Science & Game Design and Development Student at RIT <img src="https://i.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExdXVwb2l6eGVvdTQ3a3gybjZkdjNhcWFsYzN5OHprc3ltcnB1dmdyeiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9cw/JqJaJ1Pw06PKOtGPnl/giphy.gif" width="30"> in Rochester NY.

- :telescope: I’m currently working on several personal game projects as well as class assignments 😫

- :seedling: I'm currently learning C++, Lua, and React

- 😄 Pronouns: She/They

- :mailbox:How to reach me: [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Emma-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmaduprey/)


---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" title="CSharp" **alt="C Sharp" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" title="cplusplus" **alt="Cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Stats:
[![Emma's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emmad9&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/emmad9/github-readme-stats)

![Emma's Leetcode Stats](https://leetcode-badge-sage.vercel.app/badge/emmad9?theme=dark)


</div>
